This dataset is part of the Wilde Short Fiction project, an initiative by Regina Martínez Ponciano. It addresses one of the main problems for students of Oscar Wilde's three short story collections <em>The Happy Prince and Other Tales</em> (1888), <em>Lord Arthur Savile's Crime and Other Stories</em> (1891), and <em>A House of Pomegranates</em> (1891): a lack of primary sources to study their evolution and contexts. In its current form, this dataset provides manual transcriptions of contemporary reviews to these collections. These materials give hitherto-unknown insights into the reception of Wilde's short fiction, and the role the collections played in the establishment of Wilde’s career as a reputable writer.

The dataset is a `.csv` file which includes manual transcriptions of contemporary reviews related to Wilde’s short story collections as well as relevant metadata, such as the periodicals’ names and countries of publication, the date of publication of the reviews, and static URLs to the source of these materials. Future iterations of this project aim to include richer metadata for more sophisticated forms of analyses.

The Wilde Short Fiction project is ongoing and open for contributions. Please consider contributing <a href="https://wildeshortfictions.com/contribute">through the website</a>.   

This dataset is licensed under <a href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/deed.en">CC BY 4.0 DEED</a>, meaning that all content can be shared, adapted, and redistributed but has to be attributed to the Wilde Short Fiction dataset. Every review includes in its metadata a “how to cite” section to do so.
